You bastard
How did you promise me before?
Father, don't worry
I don't care about this
Whose fault is clear to you?
Oh, His Royal Highness the Crown Prince is confused
That being the case
Don't blame the old minister for not missing the old love
Your great summer was created by me
I can destroy it too, you devil
Confused, don't worry about the resurrection
Lord G, don't be too proud
Even if you rebel
Do you think you have a winning hand?
perennial campaign
Prestige in the army
Huzheng arm
More followers
Not to mention the army stationed outside 50,000 city
It is no problem to crush the small imperial city
Then you are dead wrong
His Royal Highness
Could it be that you have a plan to deal with it?
Yan Xiang doesn't need to work so hard
Then I'll tell you directly
Have you heard of relics?
This thing is called Trick-or-Treat Collapse.
Isn't that something that kids do?
What are you doing with it?
This trick is not that trick
As long as there is this relic
A mere 50,000 troops can average the mansion
Hahahaha
There is a limit to the prince's bragging
Maybe you 50,000 army
Have you ever seen it?
How dare you speak wildly
Why don't you believe it?
I have been riding on the battlefield for many years
Never heard of such a weapon
Even if there is
It has already been used by me
Yeah, I guess you're right.
With your pathetic knowledge
I don't know, this stuff is normal
you
His Royal Highness
You don't want to talk nonsense until you die
Your Highness, if you apologize to the prince at this time
Ask yourself to be abolished as prince
Maybe this will turn around
Well, do you have one or two?
They all think they're winning
Why don't you ask first
Did I prepare in advance to deal with you?
Aiko, what does this mean?